To Whom It May Concern,

I was asked to submit a ticket instead replying to the email sent my financial services on August 29th, 2024 on my university email at ahsanur@ualberta.ca. I apologize for the late reply. I have attached a doctor's note regarding that. However, that does  not excuse me to reply to the financial services and respective management. You see, I am currently not in Canada. In fact, I went out of Canada since the end of March of this year and came to Bangladesh - my home country - due to financial as well as medical reasons attached in the doctor's note.

I realize that it is my fault that I did not update my current mailing address in beartracks, which I was why I was not aware about the August 12th deadline in the email from the financial services. But you must consider, after I returned to Dhaka, Bangladesh, I have waiting to see doctors to for my spine condition and seeing a specialist for almost half a month, I have been under constant physiotherapy in Dhaka, the physiotherapy which I could no longer afford in Canada. I also had been undergoing medication changes which resulted in some memory loss, if I have been completely frank with you. 

In the meantime, there has been politcal unrest all over Bangladesh, which some may seen in international news. This resulted in internet blackouts for days at a time, as well as infrequent power blackouts did occur. 

As you may realize with all these going, the inbalance in my tuition went completely over my head.

There is also the reason that according to previous fee assessments I am worried that the curent balance in my account is not correct, which I might be wrong about. After I was admitted under probation, my tuition structure went from per course to something equivalent to a fee structure for whole cousrse load for a semester. I have attached fee assessments for your convenience.

I was under the impression that after I graduate, this balance would clear out according to my calculations and I did receive deductions. Unfortunately due to my current medical condtion I failed probation and decided to come to Dhaka and take online courses at Athabasca University. Due me failing probation I decided to wait a few months for any corrections in my tuition for the previous semester. With all due respect, I would still like to request further details of my current fee balance. 

However, whatever the current tuition balance I would owe to the University of Alberta, unfortunately, I would still be unable to setup a payment plan as of right now. The latest I could start a payment plan would the start of next year. This is because, as you see from my  doctor's note, I did receive surgery in Canada in a particular region but the first specialist doctor seems to evaluate that this surgery caused further damage to the adjacent regions in my spine and now suggests surgery, which unfortunately, is not free in Bangladesh. If I were to, even, decide to come back to Canada under my current student visa, I would not be able to stay in Canada. 

I had hoped to start remote work immediately after I came to Bangladesh. Due to the inconvencies I have faced and my medical assessment, it is only now for the past week that I have started to work remotely. Adding to fact, I cannot rely on my parents to pay the remaining tuition balance. Further, I cannot also rely on taking loans here in Bangladesh as a citizen. Due to my health, I can only rely on freelance work which disqualifies taking loans as a citizen. Furthermore, my parents are less qualified to take loans due to their age. If in my future, I am able to take a full-time job while taking classes at Athabasca University before the start of next year I will definitely let you know. 

I, do however, humbly that you do not send my file to a collections agency until I am able to make a payment plan within or before the start of next year. If you do require further documentations or information from me, please feel free to contact me at ahsanur041@gmail.com as I made to aware that my ccid will be destroyed by September 11th, 2024.

P.S.
If there is any way that you have the authority to postpone this deletion until the start the next year, it would be easier to my end to send payments via my Canadian bank account.

Regards,
Ahsanur Rahman
1480636
